Thank God you woke up from the village.
I cursed that I had waited too long for this day.
Brother, you have been in a coma for the past two years,
Your parents are worried about you. Now you are finally awake.
Mom doesn’t have to worry about success and having no successors.
What are you talking about? Just wake up.
Mom, your son doesn't smile, which makes you worried.
What are these words?
How can I blame you?
Look at you, it wasn’t long after you got married and we got married.
Yu Lai woke up. You are truly a blessing to our family.
Mom, your wife promised me.
These are all old Fengjian thoughts
You stay here and hide with me
This military formation is
Bingjie is me, you have no sense of anger
No need for you to teach me
That’s why big brother is targeting me to solve it for you.
Your elder brother is right
Although Sister Bing has moved into our house,
But she didn't get married for a day
I am not the person we marry, Sister Bing
Don't try it now
What did Shan Shanlai do to me just now?
Don’t you want to go see a good show with me?